Adding risk correlation id from NXO (#621)
braintree/braintree_android: CHANGELOG.md

# Braintree Android SDK Release Notes

## unreleased
* PayPalNativeCheckout (BETA)

>   * Adding in risk correlation id from the checkout sdk if it is not provided in the initial request

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Pass the risk correlation ID from the Native Checkout SDK if it is not provided in the initial PayPal request
```
